I don't get it yesterday we're fine and
now we're discounted seriously right
there's nothing wrong with us well
except for gym guys I don't feel so hot
hmm I guess my favorite fruit to eat
would have to be watermelon dude that
you are a watermelon
Eve it's been years what have you been
up to man oh not much hang out the vibe
of the gang same as always you well yeah
I went out to school became a raisin now
I'm gonna breakfast cereal sellout hey
dude you ever say a word and suddenly it
just sounds super weird yeah I'm a God
of O God of O God of O God of weird
right totally well I guess you should
get back to find the plane well my
mother was a pine tree and my father was
an apple our baby will be a pineapple
they said but no turns out he's just a
frame wait a minute is that a picture of
you yeah oh my brain hurts there's a
fire in the card Factory
Oh save them
zucchini zucchini zucchini totally dude
but back to the surgery
come on bananas let's form a conga line
Wow this this might never end hey guys
thanks for watching the brand new video
hope you liked it as you can see this
time we tried something a little
different so if you liked this video
make sure let us know in the comments
below and we'll make some more and also
want to say thank you to Garrett who got
to come see us thanks to make-a-wish
Foundation and also got to play the
watermelon in the video alright guys
until next time staying on a dress say
yes to me